Locate the claim code.
Go to Your Account.
Click Apply a Gift Card to Your Account .
Enter your claim code and click Apply to Your Balance.

Go to Your Games and Software Library.
Locate the code associated with your order.
Enter in the code exactly as it is shown within the redemption process on the appropriate device (computer, console, or handheld device).

Go to Amazon Prime Free Trial.
Click Start your free trial.

Go to Your Orders and select the order you want to cancel.
Select the check box next to each item you want to remove from the order. To cancel the entire order, select all of the items.
Select Cancel checked items when finished.

In Your Account, go to Login & security.
Next to the account information you'd like to update, select Edit.
Follow the on-screen instructions and select Save Changes.
After you've completed all your updates, select Done.

Go to 1-Click Settings.
Click Make default located next to your address, then click Change next to the Nickname, Payment Method, or Shipping Method options.
Note: All 1-Click orders for items fulfilled by sellers other than Amazon.com will ship via Standard Shipping.

Go to your Browsing History.
Select Remove from view below each item you'd like to remove. To remove all items, select Manage history and then select Remove all items from view.

Go to Your Lists and select the list you want to delete.
On the list menu (...), click Manage Lists.
Click Delete.
Click Save Changes in the Manage Lists window to confirm.

Go to Your Orders.
Next to the order, select Order Details.
Select Track package.

Go to Your Orders.
Go to the order you want to track.
Click Track Package next to your order (if shipped separately).

Log in to your account page.
Click EDIT PROFILE.
Under Email, enter your new email address.
Confirm your password.
Click SAVE PROFILE.

Log in to your account page. 
Click SIGN OUT EVERYWHERE. 

Log in to spotify.com/redeem. 
Enter the PIN on the back of the card, or the code from your receipt.
Click Redeem.

Log in to your account page. 
Click Receipts in the menu on the left.
Click VIEW next to a transaction to see more details. 

Go to your account page.
Scroll down to Manage your family accounts.
Select the option to add or remove members.

Click the playlist image.
In the Edit view, enter a playlist name and description.
Click CHOOSE IMAGE to upload a new cover image, or REPLACE IMAGE to replace an existing image.
Click SAVE.

Log in to your account page.
Click Recover playlists in the menu on the left. 
Click RESTORE by the playlist you want to recover.
Open Spotify and find the restored playlist at the bottom of your playlist collection.

Log in to your account page. 
Under Your plan, click CHANGE PLAN.
Scroll to Spotify Free and click CANCEL PREMIUM.
Continue through to the confirmation message. 

Click the menu button with the blue dot . 
Select Update Available. Restart Now. 

Enter the following into your browser address bar: chrome://settings/content.
Under Protected content, make sure Allow site to play protected content is enabled.

Enter the number on your health plan ID card.
Choose a username and password.
Enter an email address.
Enter a phone number or choose security questions.

Go to Walmart.com
Select the avatar icon in the upper-right corner
Select Track Orders

Log in to your account.
In your Purchase History, scroll to the order you want to return.
Click Order Details.
Click Print Return Label next to the item's return date.

In the upper-right corner of any Walmart.com page, click the Account icon.
Select Track Order.
Enter the email address used to place the order and the order number shown on your order confirmation email.
Click Cancel next to the item you wish to attempt to cancel.

Open the forgot password page.
Enter the email address registered to your Walmart.com account.
Select Request Verification Code.
Check your email for the code. Be sure to check your junk or spam folder.
Enter the code and a new password that you haven't used before.
Select Submit.
Sign in using your new password.

Add or change your mobile number by signing in to your account, then Account
In the correct order, select See Details
Next to Pickup Person, select Edit
Enter your mobile number and select Save

Select Create a new account.
Enter your first name, last name, email address, and password.
Select Create account.

Select the Account button in the upper-right corner of Walmart.com
Click Create an Account
Enter your name and email address on the sign-up screen
Create a password and confirm it
Select Create Account

Go to your account. 
Select Payment Methods from the bar on the left side of the screen.
Select Edit next to the payment method you want to change, or Delete to remove a payment method.

Go to your account
Select Payment Methods from the bar on the left side of your screen
Select the payment method of your choice
Enter your payment details
If your billing address is different than what we have on file, select Change to update it
Select Save

On your computer, open Gmail.
At the top right, click Settings Settings and then See all settings.
Click the Inbox tab.
In the "Inbox type" section, select Default. Note: To hide all tabs, select another inbox type.
In the "Categories" section, check the boxes of tabs you want to show. Note: You can't make new tabs; you can only show or hide existing ones.
Scroll to the bottom, then click Save Changes.

Open your Google Account. You might need to sign in.
Under "Security," select Signing in to Google.
Choose Password. You might need to sign in again.
Enter your new password, then select Change Password.

Go to the Google Account creation page.
Follow the steps on the screen to set up your account.
Use the account you created to sign in to Gmail.

On your computer, go to Gmail.
In the top right, click Settings Settings and then See all settings.
At the top, choose a settings page, such as General, Labels, or Inbox.
Make your changes.
After you're done with each page, click Save Changes at the bottom.

On your computer, go to Gmail.
Click Compose.
In the bottom right of the window, click Turn on confidential mode Turn on confidential mode.
Set an expiration date and passcode. These settings impact both the message text and any attachments. 
Click Save.

On your computer, open Gmail.
On the left, click Sent.
Open the confidential email.
Click Remove access.

Open Gmail.
Go to the area in Inbox that you're having trouble with. If a screenshot would help us see the problem, you can choose to include it by leaving the box checked.
In the top right, click Help Help and then Send feedback.
Type your comments into the box. If you have a photo of the problem, you can add it here.
At the bottom right, click Send.

On your computer, go to Gmail.
At the top, in the search box, enter your search terms.
Click Enter. 
Under the search box, click Chat.
To refine your search, click one or more filters.
Click the chat you want to open.

On your computer, go to Gmail.
In the top right, click Settings Settingsand then Get add-ons.
Search for and select the tool you want to use with Gmail.
In the top right, click Install and then Continue.
Choose your account, then follow the steps on the screen.

On your computer, go to Gmail.
In the top right, click Settings Settings and then See all settings.
Click the Add-ons tab.
In the "Installed add-ons" section, click Manage.
Click More Moreand then Remove.

Open Gmail.
On the top left, tap Menu Menu .
From your status indicator, tap Down arrow Down .
Choose how long you want to mute your notifications and appear as "Do not disturb." 

On your computer, open Gmail.
Click Compose.
Compose your email as you normally would. 
At the bottom right, click More options More send options and then Request read receipt. 
Send your message.

Go to pinterest.com/login
Enter your email address and password or click Continue with Facebook or Continue with Google
Click Log in

Click the directional chevron down icon at the top-right of the screen to open your menu
Click Log out

Click at the top of Pinterest
Select Add account
Enter your email and password then click Log in or click Continue with Facebook or Continue with Google

When you're logged into Pinterest, click  below your profile picture
Click on one of your other accounts to switch to that account

Click  at the top of Pinterest to open your menu
Click Edit settings
Click Account settings on the left side of the screen
Enter your new email address in the "Email Address" field
Click Done

Go to pinterest.com/login
Enter the email and password associated with the account you want to reactivate
Click Log in

Go to pinterest.com/login
Click Continue with Facebook
Enter the email and password associated with your Facebook account
Click Continue

Go to pinterest.com/login
Click Continue with Google
Enter your email address and click Next

Log into your Pinterest account(opens in a new window) and click the plus icon at the bottom-right of your profile or home feed
Click Create a Pin
Drag and drop or click the directional arrow up circle icon to upload your image
Add a title, a description, and the destination link
Click Select above the title next to Save
Select the board you want to save to or click Create board to create a new one
Click Save

Go to the password reset page(opens in a new window) (opens in a new window)
Enter your email, name, or username to find your account, then click Search
Click This is me next to your account to send a password reset link to your email inbox
Check the email address connected to your account for a password reset email
From the email, click Reset password and enter your new password
Click Change Password

Log into your Pinterest account(opens in a new window) (opens in a new window)
Click the directional chevron down icon at the top-right of your screen, then click Settings
Click Account settings from the left-side navigation
Click Change your password
Enter your old password followed by your new password
Click Change Password
Click Done

Log into your Pinterest account
From your home feed, click the ellipsis icon in the bottom-right corner of the Pin
Click Hide Pin
Select a reason for hiding the Pin

Open the profile of the person you'd like to block
Click  on the left (FLAG BUTTON)
Click Block
Click OK to confirm

Go to the business account's profile
Click  next to "Follow" (ELLIPSES)
Select Block
Click Block to confirm

Log into your Pinterest account(opens in a new window) and click the directional chevron down icon in the top-right corner
Select Settings
Click Notifications from the left-side navigation
Click Edit next to By email
Click Turn off all
Click Done at the top of the page

Click  at the top of Pinterest to open your menu
Click Edit settings
Click Account settings on the left side of the screen
Your email address will be listed under "Basic information"

Open an email you received from Pinterest
Click Unsubscribe at the bottom of the email
Click Didn’t sign up for Pinterest? Let us know when Pinterest opens on the screen
Click Remove my email address

Click  at the top of Pinterest to open your menu (ELLIPSES)
Click Edit settings
Click Privacy and data on the left side of the screen
Under “Search Privacy”, check the box next to "Hide your profile from search engines"
Click Confirm
Click Done

From Pinterest, click Ads in the top left corner then select Overview to open the Ads Manager
Click  next to your name (ARROW BUTTON)
Click Create new ad account 
Enter a name for the ad account
Click Save

Log into your Pinterest business account(opens in a new window)
Click Ads at the top of the screen, then click Create ad
Select a goal and add your Campaign details
Click Continue to create your campaign 

In Your Account, select Login & security.
Next to Password, select Edit.
Follow the on-screen instructions and select Save changes.

Go to instagram.com.
Click Sign up, enter your email address, create a username and password 

Log into instagram.com from a computer. You can't temporarily disable your account from within the Instagram app.
Click your profile picture in the top right and click Profile, then click Edit Profile.
Scroll down, then click Temporarily disable my account in the bottom right.
Select an option from the drop-down menu next to Why are you disabling your account? and re-enter your password. The option to disable your account will only appear after you've selected a reason from the menu and entered your password.
Click Temporarily Disable Account.

Click Account in the upper right corner of your screen.
Click Settings.
Click on your existing email address.
Enter your preferred email address.

Click Account in the upper right corner of your screen.
Click Settings.
Click on your existing mailing address.
Enter your preferred mailing addres

Click Account in the upper right corner of your screen.
Click Settings.
Click on your existing number of dependents.
Enter your preferred number

Tap the Account menu bar at the top right of the screen
Tap Robinhood Gold.

Sign into your Management Center 
From the top bar select Manage listing then click on Hours
Toggle the selector next to the temporarily closed message to On
Enter a Start Date and optional End Date
Click Submit

Sign into your Management Center.
From the top bar select “Manage listing” then click on “Name & description”.
The “General details” page will open. 
Toggle the selector to “on” in the corner of the right side of the “Mark your property as temporarily closed” box.
Select the date range for the temporary closure message to appear on your listing.
No need to click Submit.

Log into your Management Center.
From the top menu, click “Manage Listing”.
Select “Hours” from the drop-down menu.
Update the existing hours or click the “Delete” icon beside the hours that you want to remove.

Log in to the Management Center 
Under the “Reviews” tab in the top menu, click “Respond to Reviews” 
Select the review with the Management Response you'd like to remove 
Under “Response Published”, click “Delete Response” or the trash can icon

Log into your Management Center.
Hover over the “Help & Settings” menu at the top of the page, and click "Billing and Payments.”
On the left-hand side, under “Billing Information,” click “Update.”
Update your method of payment or billing information and click “Save.”

Sign into your Management Center.
From the top bar select “Manage listing” then click on “Name & description”.
Click on “Listing Support” on the left menu.
Click on “Report Closure” and add a comment.
Click on “Report Closure” again to submit your request.

Locate the review in the Reviews section of your business account
Find the More Options button (the three dots) and click Report Review

Go to the Account Settings section of your account
Click Email / Notifications
Click the checkboxes to select which notifications you'd like to receive
Click Save Notification Settings

Go to the Reviews section of your account
Click Remove Review (the trash can icon) below the review you would like to remove
Click Confirm

Go to Sign Up
Click Sign up with Facebook or enter your name, email address, password, and zip code and then click Sign Up
Follow the steps on the next pages to add a profile photo and find friends on Yelp

Go to the Reviews section of your account
Click Edit review (the pencil icon) below the review you would like to edit
Edit the review text 
Click Post to save your edited review 

Go to the Account Settings section of your account
Click Payment Information
Click the trash can icon to Delete

Go to the Account Settings section of your account
Click Friends
Click the grey X to the right of the friend's name
